# Notifications

Any successfully created channel, in its active state,  can send notifications to its subscribers about a wide range of things related to defi, governance proposals, web3 news, or any other crucial updates about their protocol/services.

Notifications land in the inbox of those users who are subscribed to the channel. Non-subscribers of a particular channel aren't alerted about notifications from that channel as they land in their spam box.

### Types of Notifications
1. **Broadcast Notifications**: This type of notification is basically broadcasted or sent to all the subscribers of a channel at once.

2. **Targeted Notifications**: As the name suggests, this type of notification allows channel owners to notify a specific wallet address.

3. **Subset Notifications**: Subset notifications are quite helpful when a particular group of subscribers of a channel is supposed to be notified.

## What are Delegated Notifications?

Delegated notifications is a feature that allows channel owners to delegate their power of sending notifications to any other wallet address or multiple wallets of their choice.

Once approved by the channel owner, a wallet address can send notifications on behalf of the channel to its subscribers. The channel owner can, however, revoke the approval at any given time.

This mechanism of sending delegated notifications is quite effective in providing value-added services to the channels. It also ensures the availability of mechanisms that can be used by EPNS or any other third-party infrastructure to send on-chain notifications on the channel’s behalf.

## Questions
1. Which one of these is false about EPNS Notifications?
    * They can be sent for Ethereum-based projects only  
    * They come with a clickable Call-to-Action link
    * They take almost no time to trigger

2. What kind of notifications can you send through EPNS?
    * Subset
    * Broadcast
    * Targeted
    * All of the above  

3. Which one of the following is false about Delegated Notifications?
    * Channel owner can delegate notification sending power to any Wallet address
    * The Delegated wallet address can send notification on behalf of the channels
    * Once approved, a delegated wallet address cannot be removed by channel owner.  
    * Delegated notification are sent on the behalf of the channel address instead of the delegated wallet address.
