# What are Channels?
Any user who activates themselves as a service on the protocol to send notifications for its users can be considered a Channel.

In other words, any service, i.e., a dapp, protocol, or even a web2 service, that wants to send notifications out to its web3 users can choose to become a channel and establish an adequate communication bridge with its users.

The creation of a channel is just a one-time simple procedure. It must be noted that channel creation only happens on the Ethereum blockchain and one wallet address can only create one channel only the protocol.

> ***Note: Although channel creation only happens on the Ethereum blockchain, the protocol is designed to be chain-agnostic, i.e., channel owners can choose to send notification on any chain of their choice and not just Ethereum network***

A successfully created channel can send notifications to its subscribers, directly tied to their wallet addresses.

Once any user opts in and becomes a subscriber for a chanenel, he/she shall receive notifications from that channel directly in their inbox.
Users who are not a subscriber of a particular channel, receive notifications from that channel in their spam box.

> ***Opting In or Opting out of a Channel is a completely gasless transaction and requires no fees.***

## What is Channel Alias?
In order to enable your channel to be blockchain-agnostic and allow multi-chain communication, we have introduced a new term called Channel Alias. This property is what enables your channel to send notifications on any other blockchain.

In simpler terms, a channel alias address is a native representation of your Ethereum channel on any other EVM or non-EVM chain through which you wish to communicate with your subscribers.

This means that although channel creation must happen on the Ethereum blockchain itself, notifications or communications can be carried out on any other chain through the same channel if the channel has its alias address adequately configured for that particular chain.

You can communicate with your subscribers on Polygon, BNB, Solana, etc. using an Alias address that is compatible with that respective blockchain.

## How to set up Channel Alias?
Now that we understand channel alias, it's time to understand how one set up their channel alias address for any other chain.

In order to set-up channel alias address for any preferred chain, one has to go through two simple steps:
* Selecting the chain and providing the right alias address for the channel during channel creation itself.
* Verification of the alias Address on the selected chain.

## Questions
1. On which chain, does the channel creation happen?
    * Polygon
    * Ethereum
    * None of the above

2. Can you send notifications only on Ethereum blockchain?
    * Yes, it’s restricted to the Ethereum blockchain only.
    * No, EPNS notifications are chain-agnostic and not tied only to Ethereum.

2. What happens if the user receives notifications from an unsubscribed channel?
    *  The user will not get that Notification.
    *  The user will receive the notification in the main inbox.
    *  The Notification will go to the Spam Box.
