# EPNS Smart Contracts

In order for the protocol to be chain-agnostic as well as truly decentralized, EPNS smart contracts play a major role.
The EPNS Protocol has now been divided into two different smart contracts, i.e., EPNS Core & EPNS Communicator.

**1. EPNS Core Contract:**
The EPNSCore protocol, as the name might indicate, is the main smart contract as it handles some of the most crucial features like Channel creation, governance, channel state changes as well as funds and incentive mechanisms, etc.
It’s very important to note, however, that the EPNS Core smart contract will only be deployed on the Ethereum blockchain and not on any other chain.

**2. EPNS Communicator Contract:**
Unlike the EPNS Core smart contract, the communicator protocol is designed to be deployed on multiple chains. This is also one of the imperative reasons behind the communicator contract being lightweight and not reliant on the core contract.

The EPNS Communicator protocol is comparatively quite simple. The communicator protocol includes features that allow users to subscribe to a channel, unsubscribe from a channel as well as the imperative one, i.e., sending notifications. As the communicator protocol can be deployed on various chains, it allows us to trigger notifications on multiple chains and not just the Ethereum blockchain.

## Questions
1. Which contract is responsible for governance as well as incentive mechanisms?
    * EPNS Core
    * EPNS Communicator
2. To what exten is EPNS Commiuncator contract dependent on EPNS Core?
    * Very heavily dependent.
    * Doesn't need to interact with core at all.

3. Which of the following is not true about EPNS Core contract
    * It can only be deployed on Ethereum
    * Core contract deals with creation of channels
    * Subscribing or unsubscribing features are available on core contract.
    * None of the above.
