# Creating a Channel

Creating a channel is the very first step for sending notifications via EPNS.

Any wallet which activates itself on the EPNS Protocol to send a notification is called a Channel.

Using the EPNS dApp or our smart contracts, anyone with a wallet address on the Ethereum network can create their own channel. It can be deployed on;
* The Ethereum Mainnet (via[ Prod dApp](https://app.epns.io/)), or
* Kovan Test Network (via [Staging dApp](https://staging-app.epns.io/))

## Requirements for Setting Up a Channel
Ideally, there are 6 crucial requirements for creating a Channel.

1. A Channel Name
2. Channel Logo (an image of size 128px * 128px)
3. Alias Network (required for multi-chain, for example, if on Polygon, provide Polygon address of your contract, else can be left blank, currently supports only Polygon).

> *Important: This field needs to be provided at the very start in case you want to enable your channel on other blockchain networks, see  for guides and to understand the process.*

4. A brief Channel Description (250 Characters)
5. Channel CTA (Call To Action link)
6. An amount of 50 DAI in your Wallet (and some ETH )

> *If you are setting up a Channel on Staging dApp, you can get Free DAI and Kovan ETH from the dApp & online faucets. No need for real DAI/ETH on the Staging app 😁*

## Enabling Channel on Other Chain
As previously mentioned, although channel creation happens on Ethereum itself, the protocol is designed to enable the channel to send notification on any chain.

This is exactly where Channel Alias set-up plays a major role.

### What is Channel Alias?
In order to enable your channel to be blockchain-agnostic and allow multi-chain communication, we have introduced a new term called Channel Alias. This property is what enables your channel to send notifications on any other blockchain.

In simpler terms, a channel alias address is a native representation of your Ethereum channel on any other EVM or Non-EVM chain through which you wish to communicate with your subscribers.

This means that although channel creation must happen on the Ethereum blockchain itself, notifications or communications can be carried out on any other chain through the same channel if the channel has its alias address adequately configured for that particular chain.

You can communicate with your subscribers on Polygon, BSC, Solana, etc. using an Alias address that is compatible with that respective blockchain.

### How to set up Channel Alias?
Now that we understand channel alias, it's time to understand how one set up their channel alias address for any other chain.

In order to set-up channel alias address for any preferred chain, one has to go through 2 simple steps:
* Selecting the chain and providing the right alias address for the channel during channel creation itself.
* Verification of the alias Address on the selected chain.

### How to set up Channel Alias?
In order to set-up channel alias address for any preferred chain, one has to go through 2 simple steps:

* Selecting the chain and providing the right alias address for the channel during channel creation itself.
* Verification of the alias Address on the selected chain.

## Questions:
1. Is Creating a channel a mandatory step to receive notifications?
    * Yes, one cannot Receive notification without a Channel.
    * No, channel is only required to Send notifications, not to receive them.  

2. Which of the following indicates the significance of Channel Alias address?
   * An alias address helps send gas less Notifications
   * Alias address allows channel owner to delegate notification sending power easily.
   * Alias address enables a channel to send notifications on more than one chain.
   * Alias address allows channel to customize notification designs.

 3. Where does a channel need to verify its Alias Address?
   * Verification of alias address for any chain must happen on Ethereum chain only.
   * On the selected chain for which Alias address was provided, during channel creation  
   * It can be verified on any chain.
   * None of the above.
