# Sending Notifications

Who can Send Notifications?
As per the current design of the protocol, there can be 3 main actors who can send notifications:
1. **Channel Owners**: The owners of a particular channel can send notifications to their subscribers.

3. **Delegate Notification Senders**: Channel owners can allow any particular wallet address to send notifications on behalf of his/her channel. This feature is called delegated notifications.

4. **Notifications To Yourself**: The EPNS Communicator allows any address to send notifications to themselves 😃 It’s important to note, however, that the address sends the notification to themselves only.

> **Note:**
> *Sending notifications is a **gasless** transaction and therefore notification senders need not pay any gas fee while sending notifications via the Dapp.*
>
> *Gas Fees are only applicable when on-chain notifications are triggered directly from smart contracts.*


## How to trigger and send notifications

EPNS protocol provides many ways to trigger a notification. For instance, a channel owner or delegate can trigger notifications using:

1. [EPNS Dapp](https://docs.epns.io/developers/developer-zone/sending-notifications/dapp-serverless-workflow)
The dapp provides a simple user interface for channel owner to trigger any type of notification they want for their subscribers.

2. [Using EPNS SDK](https://docs.epns.io/developers/developer-tooling/epns-sdk)
Using the notification, one can not only send notifications of all types, but also fecth a notifications for wallet and use the SDK features to integrate notifications into their own frontends.

3. [Using Subgraph](https://docs.epns.io/developers/developer-zone/sending-notifications/using-subgraph)
EPNS has developed an in-house Helper Function specifically for The Graph Protocol that allows you to read events from the Subgraph and define notifications accordingly.
Once defined, they will be stored on the Subgraph in a Long String format.
EPNS Push Nodes can, later on, fetch the notifications defined on a Subgraph and push them accordingly to Subscribers of the Channel.

4. [Using Showrunners](https://docs.epns.io/developers/developer-zone/sending-notifications/using-showrunners-scaffold-gasless)
The showrunners framework is a scaffold that developers can use to build out notifications for their use cases. Showrunners framework provides the tools and helpers required for constructing the payload and sending the notification using the EPNS infrastructure.

## Questions:

1. How can one trigger an on-chain transaction?
    * Using the dapp
    * Using the EPNS Communicator Smart Contract  
    * Using SDK
    * All of the above

2. How can someone integrate notification viewing functionality in their own dapp?
    * Using EPNS SDK  
    * using EPNS dapp
    * Using EPNS Core smart contracts
    * Cannot be integrated.
