# Receiving Notifications

Receiving notifications is a farily simple process and can be done very easily.

As of now, EPNS allows you to receive notifications directly to your wallet addresses through the crypto front-ends, in the form of SNS Notifications etc.

## Receiving notifications via SNS

### What are SNS Notifications
SNS module for Push Delivery Nodes allows any developer to receive notifications, chats, or any other form of web3 communication directly to the platform they are building with the help of webhooks.

Hosted SNS Module is a mid-level solution that eliminates all the heavy load of running a node or syncing information and gives you webhooks that you implement to start receiving notifications, chats, or any other web3 communication in your software.

### How to get started with hosted SNS module?

Integrating the SNS module into your code takes less than 10 mins and contains just 3 steps:

1. **Step 1**: Implement a webhook to listen to AWS SNS. Here’s a boilerplate along with specs to get you npm installed and running: https://github.com/ethereum-push-notification-service/epns-sns-boilerplate
2. **Step 2**: You will need to open an endpoint either at a dedicated IP that listens to SNS or, if you are testing locally, have to expose the public endpoint for which tons of software is available.

> *Hint: For testing locally, You can also use ngrok to expose the public endpoint. If you use this with the boilerplate, the port needs to be 6000. The ngrok URL is now the SNS endpoint required in step 3*.

 **Step 3**: Once you set up this, you need to contact us by either shouting / tagging us on Discord or reaching out via the contact form. We need this as the SNS module requires whitelisting of your webhook endpoint.

> [EPNS Boiler Plate](https://github.com/ethereum-push-notification-service/epns-sns-boilerplate) can also be used as a starting point to consume the feeds from the EPNS SNS Topic.
